General overview
There is a main map
There is a spawn point, with dungeon entraces further out, along treacherous paths

The map is tile-based.
The movement is non tile-based

Battle mechanic is simple:
 You click on an enemy you wish to target and you autofire at them.
 Enemies do the same. They are either stationary with an attack radius or
  move towards a player with the same attack thing.
 Some enemies may be able to target multiple players at once, or have attacks that hit all in radius

Dungeon mechanic:
 Dungeons are capped at 4 people per dungeon
 The players progress through the dungeon, defeating or skipping enemies, until they reach a boss room.
 The boss room blocks the entrance to the rest of the dungeon.
 Dungeons have a few different types, with different rarities. Non final list:
  Cave, Volcanic crater, Abyss (water), Temple ruins, Glacier
 Types lead on to other types randomly, E.g.
  Cave -> Cave boss -> Spider cave drops -> Spider boss -> Soul pit drops -> Soul boss
 OR
  Cave -> Cave boss -> Slime pit drops -> Slime boss

 Once all the dungeon's FIRST BOSSES are defeated (players could continue deeper to harder stuff),
 The main boss appears in the overworld, in the center of spawn. The map is flooded by enemies. Ok, AFK people die but its not a permadeath game.
 The whole group can exit dungeons and fight the boss.
 When it dies, a portal opens to MAP II
 The dungeons spawn again, they are defeated again, and Main Boss II appears.
 This continues until
  1) The whole group is wiped out by the main boss or
  2) The TIMER runs out, resetting back to MAP I
  3) The group defeat MAP I, II, III, IV, and V. They all get big bonuses.

Death
 When a character dies, they are removed from the dungeon and replaced at the spawn.
 THEY CANNOT THEN REENTER THE DUNGEON
 That dungeon is off-limits until the boss is defeated (?) or until the map is cleared.
 Anyway, it adds some risk for the people going in first. Also encourages people to go to different dungeons.

Chat
 People should be able to talk from within dungeons. 
 Should also be able to talk just to their dungeon.

GLOBAL STUFF
 On

Practical considerations:
Basics
 IF I make it so that movement is also tile-based,
  1) collision detection becomes easy peasy
  2) syncing with the server becomes easier
  3) movement looks worse, but to hell with that
  4) could make it so players cant share tiles, that would be cool and prevent safe spotting

The map
 If generated from a seed, then we would only need to send this seed to the players.
 No teleportation so they generate as they move
 This is the best option.
 However, the map is probably too large to fit entirely in memory?

Tiles themselves
 Two approaches.
  1) Drawing things onto a rendertexture
  2) Many RectangleShape objects, stored in a ... vector or somethin
     Or perhaps a set sorted by Y, and we only draw those in Y range

Attacking
 Players send target requests. The target remains until another target is sent. The request is (TARGET_REQ, MONSTER ID)
 The player shows themselves attacking when in range. The server attacks when in range, too.
 If damage is guaranteed, we need not create projectile objects at the server end.


Movement
 I press right.
 It sends 'RIGHT' to server.
 I lerp to the right with a speed (its a stat)
 Once I get there, I will be able to send RIGHTs again.
 Its a good idea to make the player sliightly slower on the client side
 Technically, my tile remains the same until I am there.

 Weird situation:
  I press right, there is no player in front of me.
  Someone arrives in front of me.
  The server receives my right request.
  The server DOES NOT move me forwards.
  In the next update, I see that I in fact have moved. I lerp quickly to that position.
  If they are mid movement, then it should also give us a 

PLAYER UPDATE SYNTAX::::::
 Number of players
  Position (2 shorts)
  Move direction (1 byte)
  Float, how far along that move dir they are
  Move ID (1 byte)

About 15 bytes / player
30 players = 450 bytes per update. 
10 Updates per second = 4500 bytes/sec = 4.5kB/sec
+ 30 enemies and other information, lets say 9kB/sec

Other players and enemies movement
 Get their tile position. Lerp them to that tile, moving only along horizontals and verticals.
 (horizontal first, then vertical)

Practical overview of the game (client);
 1) All assets loaded into memory.
 2) Client connects to server
 3) Client moves around tile by tile. Player is quite small so that tiles arent too annoying.
    Position is synced from server: 



Every time we move, we send a moveID along with it.
This moveID is a short 0..32000

